Remove direct pricing info and disabled regions (#16901)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/create-your-cluster.md

{{ site.data.products.db }} GCP clusters use [N1 standard](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine-types#n1_machine_types) machine types and [Persistent Disk storage](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks#pdspecs). AWS clusters use [M5 instance types](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/m5/#Product_Details) and [Elastic Block Store (EBS)](https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/features/).

{% include cockroachcloud/cockroachcloud-pricing.md %}

## Step 3. Select the region(s)

> In the **Regions & nodes** section, select a region. For optimal performance, select the cloud provider region in which you are running your application. For example, if your application is deployed in GCP's `us-east1` region, select `us-east1` for your {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster. If you want to create a cluster in an unavailable region, please [contact Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com).

Reviewer: What do we assume is "your application" here? It seems so specific.
```suggestion
In the **Regions & nodes** section, select a region. For optimal performance, select the cloud provider and region nearest to where your SQL clients, applications, or external data are located. For example, if your client application is deployed in GCP's `us-east1` region, select GCP as your deployment environment and select `us-east1` as your cluster's region. To express interest in an unavailable region, [contact Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com) or your Cockroach Labs account team.
```

    Storage space cannot be removed from a node once added.
    {{site.data.alerts.end}}

>     We recommending choosing up to <b>{{ cap_per_vcpu }}</b>. See [Pricing](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/pricing/) for pricing information. When selecting your storage capacity, consider the following factors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For optimal performance, choose up to <b>{{ cap_per_vcpu }}</b>. Refer to [Pricing](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/pricing/) for details. When selecting your storage capacity, consider the following factors:
```
